Split "SCT Courses" and "Tutorials" into two separate documentation pages (#3666)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials.rst

.. _tutorials:

Tutorials
#########

.. note::

   The following tutorials make use of :ref:`Quality Control (QC) <qc>` reports for inspecting processed image data. Optionally, we also recommend trying out :ref:`fsleyes-instructions` to visualize the data from these tutorials, too.

Video tutorials
***************

SCT have a `YouTube channel`_ which contains additional tutorials.

> .. _Youtube channel: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLJ5-Fnq9XpaVgCZfY-GOGJaT0fmZN4vji

Reviewer: I would recommend putting the YouTube section nearer to the bottom. (A lot of our YouTube videos are probably out of date by now tbh, given the difficulty in maintaining them. And, our text-based tutorials are much more up to date and actively maintained, so I think they should come first.)

Plus, the `.. note::` above (lines 6-8) relates directly to the written tutorials, so they should probably come after one another.

Author: I moved back the video tutorial after the written tutorial based on your last information. I tough that it would be more easy to see everything, but if they are not up-to-date we are better to let them on the bottom.

> Written tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Written tutorials
```

#. :doc:`Analysis pipelines with SCT <tutorials/analysis-pipelines-with-sct>`

> Others sources of knowledge
> ***************************
> 
> We provide a **free** in-person SCT course each year. You can know more about these courses in the :ref:`course section<courses>`.

Reviewer: Slight wording tweak:

```suggestion
SCT Course
**********

If you would prefer to learn how to use SCT in a guided workshop setting, we provide an in-person SCT course each year. You can learn more about past and future courses in the :ref:`course section<courses>`.
```

(I added an introductory sentence to help it flow a little better, and also removed the mention of **free** as I believe our most recent SCT Course at the Martinos Center involved a fee?)
